hello to all the young people of the people
nautico milano are roy ex are here
today with my first video on
this fantastic community and thank you
especially the admin who gave me
the possibility of let me say
to know with this video of mine or on
fifa ultimate team
today I will bring a squat builder of one
bundesliga feasible with 70,000 credits
I hope you like this video is
generally on my tract channel
14 I do scud builder top five and in
future I will load the games I will do
with you written or climbing broken
division one such things is there
stage that we start immediately from the module
the form is an offensive 4 2 3 1 with 2
the exteriors
and what to say about this way this form
it is very good if in fact it uses
a tip with the physique a quick tip
in this case the shot will use one
fast tip and our goalkeeper is
hayden feller hayden fella is German
he played in borussia dortmund i paid him
five thousand and six hundred credits to 83 of
tuff 84 of taken 85 of the reflections 86 of
really very good positioning
brew fully recommend our in
two central defenders are a boateng and
sokratis boateng is also his German
however he plays in the bayern monk has it
paid 4,000 credits at 75 speed 72
of passing 79 of strikes 82
test the other defender who works alongside
boateng and sokratis socrati is played in
Greek borussia paid two thousand credits a
77 of defense speed 71 of test 71
really very good
so we have two central defenders
very
quite fast with the physical and with the
defense is really with the header
great our left back is you
this stable wires I said and ours
right back is galli if you do it anymore
he told you at 87 of speed 73 of
pass 66 defense and not much
good or cover but I bought it
especially for its speed and Greek
plays in the bayer leverkusen a few cars
1,800 customers while galassi and play in
werder brema and the czech republic ho
spoken 1200 credits at 80 speed 74
past 71 years of defense 75 companies in the
68 and a really great header
strong
our two defensive midfielders
power plants are clear martinez
on one side and luiz gustavo
on the other red gustavo at 75 speed
83 defense to 77 header 72
of dribbling 76 of passage really
very strong and above all very physical
sturdy and martinez me too to physical
really very strong very strong too
him because despite the
speed is quite low but yes
let's say one gets forgiven with his
setting up series of passages 84 the defenses
82 of triple 72 header
really
when we have corners we say
which is fellaini type or it takes it
I always paid him 4,400 for him
I paid credits while luis gustavo
five thousand and five hundred credits in the
our left exterior is alien and the
our exterior right and shaqiri shaqiri
he is Swiss plays in the bayern monk I have it
paid 4 1 500 credits at 87 speeds 76
shooting 74 to pass him 86 of dribbling
and very fast, very strong as a student
elia free and elia plays in the werder
brema and now they asked me paid 5,400
credits with a speed of 91 shooting 63 84
five-star dribbling skills
along with four-star weak foot
but ours is very strong
central offensive midfielder friends
Italians who Italians is at least what
it was borussia that paid him 7,700
credits at speed 80 of shooting 78 75
83 to pass really dribbling
very good and very strong with the feet
golden our tip and full marika
ouyang and gabonese, I think we say so
plays in borussia dortmund has paid 27
thousand credits at 95 speed 76 of
shooting 73 of passages so much all in
dribbling if when you are suddenly of
head
so guys I sail this school
I also fully recommend because that is
70,000 credits for a team of
I 'm really very few, I hope
that I like the style of commenting
go to my channel you will find
certainly in the description I'll see you at
next video